this man shot Walter Delacroix two times
in the back of his head then raped Oh
Percy and stabbed her 17 times in the
courtroom in a sentence and he was
smiling and chewing his gum he is an
unfeeling perverse misfit and it is time
you've put in a request to be the
spiritual adviser to Matthew Poncelet
this boy is to be executed in six days
you must be very very careful well
Matthew I made it never done this before
yeah
that man is close to a murderer before
not that I know love what is it dawn in
a place like here I just want to help
him take responsibility for what he did
I like being alone with you you're
looking real good to me
death is breathing down your neck you're
playing your little man on the make
games you're a white supremacist a
follower of Hitler if it was a leader he
was on the right track that the area was
master race you are Megan is so easy for
them to kill you coming across some kind
of a crazed animal Nazi racist mad dog
who deserves to die you leave I'm not
gonna do that you want to be there to
comfort him when he dies this is an evil
man but I don't kill I didn't kill
nobody I swear to God I didn't
ain't gonna get no chair daddy I'm
pissed off that kids would be parked out
or was that night this all that parents
come to see me die leading the
government you blame drugs she blame
black see what about Matthew Poncelet
was he just an innocent if you do die as
your friend I want to help you die with
dignity and I don't see how
can do that unless you start to own up
to the part you played in Walter and
hopes death from writer director Tim
Robbins from Carvalho I wanna sing a
crime don't execute this man you can
stop this from happening sir comes the
story of one woman's unquenchable
courage we stay and one man's last
chance at life
you name a communist Erica Comey is
telling you no wealth building thank God
Susan Sarandon Sean Penn dead man
walking
[Music]